How about my ring?
Are you going to trade your in-laws for my life?
Hahaha, do you know?
You play with geniuses like me
Forever only lose
Ouch what?
You still have a way
Why don't I let you give up?
Your man is called the Pirate King, right?
What was it like?
Yes, that's fine.
Give me the pirate king to the eighteenth generation of my ancestors
Down to the Wild Son of Blue
Catch me in the pigsty and lock it up
Wait for my order.
Evil god you
What are you doing?
There is a saying in our building
It's called treating others with the way of others
The pirate king kidnapped my parents-in-law
Threatening my wife
Then I will arrest him, and the lives of the upper and lower nine clans will be exchanged for lives
And you're just pissed off
Remember never to threaten
Because my name is short for short
Jiang Tianlong
10 minutes left
Your Jianzun son-in-law will never come again
I'm ready to sacrifice your head to the sky
Dragon King
Lord Sword Lord will not be wronged by you
You give up.
Hahaha, you are wrong.
Although Jianzun is very spicy
But I do justice
Is this his weakness?
Dare to be dangerous to witness that you want to die